   

 padding: 75px 35px 20px 35px;












Ammo sulphonil PS 
Ammosulphonil PS is a very potent Photosynthetic Bacteria. The efficacy has been 
proven in differerent location at different aquacuture farms. It contains a mixture of bacteria which benefits the culture system. 
Composition 
Bacterial Consortia 
2 x 109 CFU/ml 
 
Advantages 
Enhances feeding, growth rate and minimizes FCR 
• Bacterial enzymes include Amylase, Protease, Lipase etc 
• Minimizes bad odors and decomposes organic waste 
• Averts existence of harmful bacteria such as Vibrio Spp
 • Minimizes cost of production by reducing usage of chemicals 
• Mainly Rhodobacteraceae, Nocardiaceae and other bacterial species are present 
• Metabolic and feed waste are converted  to Carbon dioxides and Hydrogen
 • Ammonia, Nitrate and Hydrogen Sulphide toxicity are effectively controlled
 • Consortia utilises H2S to maintain, regulate pH and optimizes water quality
 • Stabilizes algal blooms and improves water quality and also maintains the pH level
 • Bacteria degrades sludge and increases the growth of heterotrophic bacterial

 
Application 
5 ltr per Hectare with ONE meter water depth
 once in every 15 - 20 days or as directed by aquaculture consultant. 


Note 
Shake well before use and once opened it has to be used within a day for best 
results irrespective of packing size.
 

For Business Enquiries Email : bioeco.sales@gmail.com Ph : +91 6363054384 

BIOECO Solutions, Yelahanka New Town, Bangalore 







Argulus - Lernea Control 

Argulus - Lernea Control is a remedy for fish external parasites, which kills carp louse ( Argulus) and anchor worms (Lernea). They can be clearly observed on the skin of fish attacked. 


Application area 

Solution to be added to pond water. Shake well before use. 


Dosage 

Mix 500 gm of Argulus-Lernea control in 10 litres of pond water per acre and apply uniformly through the pond. 

Note
As the activity of the medicinal compounds will be reduced under the influence of light, we advise to start treatment at nightfall. In ponds having a very large biomass the dose can be doubled.
 
For Business Enquiries Email : bioeco.sales@gmail.com Ph : +91 6363054384 

BIOECO Solutions, Yelahanka ew Town, Bangalore 







Nitrite Nil 

Nitrite Nil is a natural fast acting microbial solution for Nitrite treatment
and prevention in shrimp ponds. It is recommended to use Nitrite Nil during pond preparation to reduce the risk of Nitrite buildup in future.
 
Benefits 

• Powerfully removes H2S
• Works at both aerobic and anaerobic conditions
• Decreases formation of toxic sludge 
• Minimizes FCR
• Increases survival 

Application 

To avert buildup of Hydrogen Sulphide 
Treatment for affected pond

Stage 
Dosage 
Notes 
Stage 
Dosage 
Notes 
 


While Pond /Soil preparation 
Apply 2 kg/10,000 m2
Apply to the bottom of wet pond at areas where sludge is present 
1st application
2kg/10,000m2
Apply when pond soil turns black and develops a bad color
  


During mid crop cyde (35-40 DOC*)
1kg/10,000 m2
Apply close to aerator for best results
2nd Application  
1kg/10,000 m2
Apply after 3-4 days after 1st application


During end of crop cyde(90*DOC until harvest)
1kg/10,000 m2 every 7-10 days up till harvest
Apply in areas where sludge has formed
Track alkalinity 
For best results maintain alkalinity above 1O0ppm at each application step


 
These are general recommendations. Dosage is also dependant on the local environmental conditions and practices.
 
For Business Enquiries Email : bioeco.sales@gmail.com Ph : +91 6363054384 

BIOECO Solutions, Yelahanka New Town, Bangalore 






